Short notes : 

Block in a blockchain
Consensus mechanisms
Reentrancy attack
Double-Spending Attack
Solidity
Integer Overflow & Underflow 
Hashing in blockchain
Dapps

DEFI
collateral in DEFI
Onchain solutions to blockchain performance 
State channels offchain solution
Layer 2 scaling solutions
Atomic Swap


5 mark questions : 
Explain decentralization with example
what are the different types of blockchain
Explain blockchain architecture layers
What is a blockchain and why do we need security in blockchain 
Explain 4 common blockchain attacks 
Explain the difference between POW and POS
What's a hash key in Blockchain ? Explain how its generated
Why are smart contracts vulnerable
Whats the difference between traditional finance and DEFI (5 points)
Explain DEFI and Key Features of DeFi
Why Do We Need smart contract Security Tools?
Why Manual Auditing of smart contracts is Not Enough?
How smart contract Security Tools can Automate Vulnerability Detection? 
What is performance in blockchain? and what are the key performance metrics ?
what is network size and different types of network nodes in blockhchain network
What is sharding and different types of sharding ?
What are 5 different applications of blockchain ? 
what were the Challenges in Traditional Blockchain Performance?
Explain how does a 51 % attack works 
What do you understand by mining a bitcoin ?  


10 marks questions :

Why IOT devices are not secured at all and how blockchain is solving it ? 
Explain the following Consensus mechanisms
POW
POS
POB
POA 
POET
How does borrowing and lending working in DEFI and If you already have enough crypto to put down as 
collateral, why would you even need to borrow? 
Define smart contracts and explain different Categories of smart contract Security Tools 
What are the different Factors Affecting Performance and how onchain and off chain solutions are solving it ? 
How to enhance blockchain performance with onchain and and offchain scaling solutions explains briefly ?